# Fatigue-related-EEG-dataset
This dataset(under branch "master") provides EEG data from two groups, MI-rest and MI-rTMS, each consisting of 10 participants. 
## Experimental paradigm
The experiment was divided into three parts: pre-test, post-test, and formal motor imagery(MI) training. During the pre-test and post-test, all participants were asked to perform a 5-minute resting-state recording of EEG signals and to complete a Likert 11-point BFI (0 for no fatigue; 10 for extreme fatigue) to assess participants' current state of fatigue. In the formal MI training, this study designed four blocks of MI training, each block of MI training consisting of 50 randomized left- and right-handed MI. Before starting the experiment, participants were asked to sit in a chair in a comfortable and natural position and to keep their hands relaxed, during the testing period participants performed the resting state experiment by following the tone and text prompts on the computer. During the formal MI training, the experiment started with a red cross in the center of the screen and each trial lasted for 8 seconds including 4 seconds of relaxation and 4 seconds of task performance. Participants in the MI-rTMS group received repeat transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) during a 3-minute rest period. Participants in the MI-rest group received sham spiking i.e., excitation coils rotated away from the skull to 90° were performed during the rest after MI in each block, which was used to exclude a possible placebo effect of rTMS.
## Data description
The data named “jxt1” and “jxt2” in the dataset represent resting-state EEG data collected during the pre- and post-test periods for each participant. The “train” data represent data collected during the motor imagery training period for each participant. The “edat3” type data under each participant's file includes labels for left and right handfist movements during MI training, with 1 indicating the right hand and 0 indicating the left hand.

The data for the 9th subject in the MI-rest group was disconnected after the first block due to equipment issues, and the movement labels are stored in the “009.xlsx” file.
